docs: added info on how to get runtime diffs (#1819)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-networks.md

Check your node is connected by viewing it on
[Telemetry](https://telemetry.polkadot.io/#list/Westend).

### Differences

> Runtime differences (ie. existential and multisignature deposit sizes) between the different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime differences (e.g. existential and multisignature deposit sizes) between the different
```

networks can be found by doing a `diff` between the `src/lib.rs` of the respositories. For example,
to compare the Polkadot and Westend runtimes:

- `git clone https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot && cd polkadot/runtime`
- `ls` - show the available runtimes
- `diff polkadot/src/lib.rs westend/src/lib.rs`

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add here a few links to some web-based diff tools that might do the job too, not everyone will be comfortable on the command line.
